Miss Scarlet
Psst.. Here is a clue: Mr. Boddy's wound looks like it was made by something sharp.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: The murderer must have been quick thinking, there is hardly any evidence.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! Clue: I heard the murderer charmed Mr. Boddy with their looks.

Mr. Green
Psst.. Here is a clue: Mr. Boddy seems to have died from a hit to the head.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: There were dusty hand prints all over the scene.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! Clue: The way the murderer got out of the room so quickly without being caught is strange.

Mrs. Peacock
Psst.. Here is a clue: Mr. Boddy has a singular hit to the head that caused his death.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: The murder did not seemed planned based on the evidence left behind.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! Clue: It seems like Mr. Boddy owned the murderer a favor.

Professor Plum
Psst.. Here is a clue: Whoever did this was a quick thinker.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: Mr. Boddy seemed to have also gotten burned during the fight.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! clue: Does Mr. Boddy being found in the library have anything to do with this?

Colonel Mustard
Psst.. Here is a clue: This wound is either from a gun or a knife... but there is no bullet.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: Mr. Boddy and the murderer must have been talking about something serious for Mr. Boddy to be found in the office.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! Clue: The murderer was definitely trained in a field that required fighting skills.

Mrs. White
Psst.. Here is a clue: The cause of death was suffocation from a rope.
They are not the murderer. You need to hurry! Here is some more info I found: The person who did the murder knew Mr. Boddy well.
That is incorrect. This is your last chance. Be careful! Clue: There are rumors being spread to throw us off track. I believe this is the murderer's doing.
